[DOCS] Revise GS intro & remove redundant conceptual info. Closes #43846 (#43847)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/docs/data-replication.asciidoc

[float]
=== Introduction

> Each index in Elasticsearch is <<scalability,divided into shards>>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each index in {es} is <<scalability,divided into shards>>
```

Author: I was trying to leave the blinders on when I fixed the xref...

Reviewer: Fair enough. Feel free to ignore. Not trying to inflate scope.

Reviewer: Ah. Took another look. It looks like your text editor might be trimming whitespace, which makes the changes look larger than they are. My mistake.

I'll resolve any comments I have in data-replication.asciidoc.

and each shard can have multiple copies. These copies are known as a _replication group_ and must be kept in sync when documents
are added or removed. If we fail to do so, reading from one copy will result in very different results than reading from another.
The process of keeping the shard copies in sync and serving reads from them is what we call the _data replication model_.

> Elasticsearch’s data replication model is based on the _primary-backup model_ and is described very well in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{es}'s data replication model is based on the _primary-backup model_ and is described very well in the
```

We may want to consider replacing emphasis (italics) here with bold. I think it's a bit more readable.

[float]
=== Basic write model

> Every indexing operation in Elasticsearch is first resolved to a replication group using <<index-routing,routing>>,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every indexing operation in {es} is first resolved to a replication group using <<index-routing,routing>>,
```
Passive.

[float]
=== The Tip of the Iceberg

> This document provides a high level overview of how Elasticsearch deals with data. Of course, there is much much more

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document provides a high level overview of how {es} deals with data. Of course, there is more
```
